refresh cluster: to support cluster refreshment (#39925)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/arch_overview/http/http_filters.rst

selection makes its way to the router filter which finalizes the upstream cluster that the request
will be forwarded to.

> Except the ``setRoute()`` and ``clearRouteCache()``, downstream HTTP filters also could refresh the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to updating the route ``setRoute()`` and ``clearRouteCache()``, downstream HTTP filters could also refresh the
```

> cluster by invoking ``refreshRouteCluster()`` if the cluster specifier of route supports it. Now only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster by invoking ``refreshRouteCluster()`` if the cluster specifier of route supports it. At this point only
```
